 CSS3_red_tulip Template Form Elements Form field example Textarea example Checkbox example Dropdown list exampleExample 1Example 2 &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Home | Examples | A Page | Another Page | Contact Us Copyright &copy; CSS3_red_tulip | skel. js | Images | design from css3templates. co. uk iFAQTezpur University Intelligent Answering Tool. Home Administration Academic Facilities Schools Sciences Management Sciences Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Electronics and Communication Engineering Mechanical Engineering Food Engineering and Technology Contact Welcome to the iFAQ Answering Tool, Tezpur University. Developer Pallavi Gupta - CSB11066Navin Kumar - CSB11076 Useful Links Tezpur University Professor Utpal Sharma What is NLP? Tour to ELIZA Academic Admission Degree Master of Business Administration (MBA) Requirements:-Bachelor’s degree in any discipline with a minimum of 50% marks in major/honours subject or in aggregate. B. Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering Requirements:-Minimum 50% aggregate marks in PCM (Phys, Chem and Math) subjects at 10+2 and pass marks in English. B. Tech. in Civil Engineering Requirements:-Minimum 50% aggregate marks in PCM (Phys, Chem and Math) subjects at 10+2 and pass marks in English. B. Tech. in Mechanical Engineering Requirements:-Minimum 50% aggregate marks in PCM (Phys, Chem and Math) subjects at 10+2 and pass marks in English. B. Tech. in Food Engineering Requirements:-Minimum 50% aggregate marks in PCM (Phys, Chem and Math) subjects at 10+2 and pass marks in English. Degree P. G. Diploma in Tourism Management (PGDTM) (Modular) Requirements:-Bachelor’s degree in any subject with at least 45% marks in major/honours subject or in aggregate. P. G. Diploma in Translation(Hindi) Requirements:-B. A. with Hindi major/honours or B. A. with Elective Hindi or, B. A. /B. Com. /B. Sc. with Praveen/ Sahityaratna. Candidates not having major/honours must have atleast 50% marks in aggregate. Degree One year Certificate in Chinese Requirements:-B10+2 with 45% of marks in aggregate. Results Academic Calender Rules & Regulation Guidelines Place your Query Question Answer Feeling Satisfied? Want to save?YESNO &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Home | Administration | Academic | Facilities | Contact Us For further refrences contact| pallavi13gupta@gmail. com | navin. cse@gmail. com navin iFAQTezpur University Intelligent Answering Tool. Home Administration Academic Facilities Schools Sciences Management Sciences Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Electronics and Communication Engineering Mechanical Engineering Food Engineering and Technology Contact Administration Developer Pallavi Gupta - CSB11066Navin Kumar - CSB11076 Useful Links Tezpur University Professor Utpal Sharma What is NLP? Tour to ELIZA Administration Level Tezpur University is an Indian Central University located in Tezpur in the North Eastern state of Assam, India by an act in Parliament of India in 1994. The governor of Assam, Janaki Ballabh Patnaik is the chancellor of Tezpur University, Mihir Kanti Chaudhuri is the vice-chancellor and Amarjyoti Choudhury is the pro vice-chancellor. Deans of Schools Following Table lists name and contact information. Place your Query Question Answer Feeling Satisfied? Want to save?YESNO &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Home | Administration | Academic | Facilities | Contact Us For further refrences contact| pallavi13gupta@gmail. com | navin. cse@gmail. com CSS3_red_tulip Simple. Contemporary. Website Template. Home Examples A Page Another Page Example Drop Down Drop Down 1 Drop Down 2 Drop Down 3 Sub Drop Down One Sub Drop Down Two Sub Drop Down Three Sub Drop Down Four Sub Drop Down Five Contact Latest News New Website Launched June 1st, 2014 2014 sees the redesign of our website. Read more Useful Links First Link Another Link And Another Last One More Useful Links First Link Another Link And Another Last One Contact Us Say hello, using this contact form. Name Email Address Message To help prevent spam, please enter the answer to this question: + = ? &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Home | Examples | A Page | Another Page | Contact Us Copyright &copy; CSS3_red_tulip | skel. js | Images | design from css3templates. co. uk raushan iFAQTezpur University Intelligent Answering Tool. Home Administration Academic Facilities Schools Sciences Management Sciences Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Electronics and Communication Engineering Mechanical Engineering. Food Engineering and Technology Contact Developer Pallavi Gupta - CSB11066Navin Kumar - CSB11076 Useful Links Tezpur University Central Library Computer Center Tour to Hostels Tour to Photo Gallery Campus The university campus is at Napaam about 15 km east of Tezpur, the headquarters of the Sonitpur district of Assam. Napaam is a rural area surrounded people of diverse caste, religion and language. The Napaam campus of the is in a plot of an area of 262 acres (1. 06 km2) of land. The campus is bounded by pucca walls. Napaam is linked by a PWD road from the National Highway No. 37A at almost midpoint between Kalia-Bhomora bridge and Misson Chariali. Tezpur is linked by road and rail with the rest of the state and the country. There is a tri-weekly flight between Kolkata and Tezpur. The institute is surrounded by greenery and with many historic as well as tourist places nearby, including Ganesh Ghat, Agnigarh etc. Accomodation There are provisions for visitors to stay in the university guest house. Students may choose to stay in any of the men's or women's hostels. The university is primarily a residential university. The university has five men's hostels (listed in order of construction): Kanchenjungha Men's Hostel Charaideo Men's Hostel: Named after the burial land of Ahom kings in Sivasagar, Assam. Nilachal Men's Hostel: Named after the Nilachal Hill in Guwahati Kanchenjungha Men's Hostel: Named after Kangchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world (after Mount Everest and K2). Patkai Men's Hostel: Named after the Patkai-Bum, the Khasi-Jaintia-Garo and the Lushai hills mountain range in the eastern Himalayas. Saraighat C. V. Raman Men's Hostel: Named after the Saraighat Bridge at Guwahati and the famous Indian physicist and Nobel laureate Sir C. V. Raman. There are seven women's hostels: Bordoichilla Women's Hostel: Named after the seasonal storm that occurs in Assam every spring, before and after the festival of Bihu. Dhansiri Women's Hostel Pragjyotika Women's Hostel Suwansiri Women's Hostel Kopili Women's Hostel New Women's Hostel Pobitara Madam Curie Women's Hostel: Named after the Pobitara Wildlife Sanctuary and the famous physicist Marie Curie. There is also a married-scholars hostel, which is at present serving as a makeshift accommodation for newly recruited faculty of the university. Central Library The Central Library, Tezpur University was established in 1994 along with the establishment of the University. The library holds 65873 volumes of print documents and subscribed 630 titles of current journals (print 128, online 502). The UGC-Infonet Consortia of INFLIBNET Center is providing access facility to 9081 (including 525 on perpetual basis) e-journals and seven databases. Central Library also gets online access of 926 e-journals through DelCon Consortium. The library also holds more than 1800 CDs scattering to different thought contents. Library users can access book database, theses database, journal database, e-journals and other e-resources from any terminal within the University campus. All students, faculty members and staff of the University are authorized to use the Library. Student alumni, retired staff members and visiting faculties also have the privilege to use the Central Library. However, for availing the borrowing facilities, users need to enroll themselves as Library members on fulfilling the requisite procedures All members are allowed to bring their personal books for reading in the Library but only in Reading section. There is a fine for late return of books at Rs. 1 per day for first 6 days; and then after that @ Rs. 3 perday exceeding 6 days. Library dues can be paid in cash in office of library on first floor of the Library. The return timings in the Library are 9 a. m. to 7:30 p. m. on all working days and 10. 00 a. m. to 5. 00 p. m. in holidays and weekend. All members of the Library can reserve books. A student member can get issued 5 books for 15 days, faculty member can issue 10 books for 15 days per semester ans Staff can issue 3 books for 15 days. An authorized user can recommend a book for purchase by filling-in a “Book recommendation Form” that can be obtained from the Library Website. The form should then be routed through your Head of the Department for his recommendation. All the members of library can refer to dissertations/Ph. D. Theses. Outsiders are not allowed to refer to dissertations and Theses. In case of lost of a book, one is require to immediately report in the library by writing application to librarian. Then after you have to submit the new copy of the same book to the library within stipulated time. Computer Center Tezpur University started using computers from its very inception in 1994 in its academic activities as well as in the administration. A Computer Centre was established in 1997 to facilitate a common computational resource centre for the academic programmes as well as for maintenance of the other computing resources in the university. Over the years the University has grown substantially in terms of departments and academic programmes as well as in infrastructure. The computer centre has implemented a campus LAN with optical fiber backbone connecting the academic as well as administrative departmentsg spread over the the University campus of 241 acres. Internet connectivity is provided throughout the campus with 10Mbps OFC Link (UGC-INFONET), a 2Mbps Leased Line Link and a VSAT link of 512Kbps. Wireless LAN has also been set-up to extend the LAN connectivity to the Hostels and the residential areas. The computer centre maintains one Central Computer Centre (CC) with about 60 latest configured PCs and one Central Server Room. It also maintains the web server, mail server, proxy server, file server, anti-virus server, administrative database server, library server of the University. Besides these servers, one SGI-Altix 350 High Performance Compute Server system is dedicated for research community for high-end computational work. Centre is also well-equipped with Scanners, Laser Printers, DMP printers and Multimedia projector. In June 2011, another unit of Computer Centre is set up at Dean Building, SoE with about 68 latest configured PCs. In addition, it also maintains the computing resources used by the faculty and the administration. University EPABX is also administered and monitored by the Centre. The Computer Centre has also set up a Helpdesk Cell to give technical supports to more than 800 PC users. The technical team also extends its help to students and other users for immediate troubleshooting of network connectivity issues of their Personal PCs and peripherals. For smooth functioning of the Computer Center, university maintains a proper Computing Resources Policy. Place your Query Question Answer Feeling Satisfied? Want to save?YESNO &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Home | Administration | Academic | Facilities | Contact Us For further refrences contact| pallavi13gupta@gmail. com | navin. cse@gmail. com iFAQTezpur University Intelligent Answering Tool. Home Administration Academic Facilities Schools Sciences Management Sciences Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Electronics and Communication Engineering Mechanical Engineering Food Engineering and Technology Contact Welcome to the iFAQ Answering Tool, Tezpur University. Developer Pallavi Gupta - CSB11066Navin Kumar - CSB11076 Useful Links Tezpur University Professor Utpal Sharma What is NLP? Tour to ELIZA Welcome to the iFAQ Answering Tool This site answers to the frequently asked questions related to the content displayed on the web page. This is developed as a part of 8th semester project under the guidance of Professor Utpal Sharma . Browser Compatibility This template has been tested in the following browsers: Internet Explorme | Administration | Academic | Facilities | Contact Us For further refrences contact| pallavi13gupta@gmail.com | navin.cse@gmail.com 